Upgrade from v1.2 to v1.3 (#87)
polkadot-fellows/runtimes: CHANGELOG.md

- Upgrade Preimage pallet's config implementations to adapt the new `Consideration` API ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#56](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/56))
- Remove `experimental` feature flag for `pallet-society`, `pallet-xcm`, and `runtime-common` crates imports ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#56](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/56))
- Election provider: use a geometric deposit base calculation for EPM signed submissions in Polkadot and Kusama ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#56](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/56))

> - Make IdentityInfo generic in pallet-identity ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87))

Reviewer: This doesn't change anything for the user, it is only "bad" for the dev. So, I think we can live with it.

- Upgrade Preimage pallet's config implementations to adapt the new `Consideration` API ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#56](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/56))
- Remove `experimental` feature flag for `pallet-society`, `pallet-xcm`, and `runtime-common` crates imports ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#56](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/56))
- Election provider: use a geometric deposit base calculation for EPM signed submissions in Polkadot and Kusama ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#56](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/56))

> - Make IdentityInfo generic in pallet-identity ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87)). Context: https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/1661

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Make `IdentityInfo` generic in `pallet-identity` ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87)). Context: https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/1661
```

### Added

- Enable async backing on Kusama  ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87)). Context: https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/1543
- Implemented GenesisBuilder API for all runtimes ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87)). Context: https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/1492
- XCM transport fees are now exponential and are sent to a treasury account ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87)). Context: https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/1234
- System parachains are now trusted teleporters of each other ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87)). Context: https://github.com/paritytech/polkadot-sdk/pull/1368

> - Treasury spends various asset kinds ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87))

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Treasury is able to spend various asset kinds ([polkadot-fellows/runtimes#87](https://github.com/polkadot-fellows/runtimes/pull/87))
```
